Q1   What are the benefits of using CSS?
Ans: CSS handles the look and feel part of a web page.using CSS,you can control the color 
        of the text,the style of fonts,the spacing between paragraphs,columns are sized and laid out,
        etc.

Q2   How can the background color of an element be changed?
Ans: In the CSS used to background-color property then changed background-
        color.

Q3   What is embedded style sheets?
Ans: Embedded style sheet is also called to internal style sheet.
     embedded style sheet is worked in to HTML document using the <style>
     element.Embedding the style sheet information within <style></style>
     tags in the head of your document.

Q4   What are the external style sheets?
Ans: An External style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by
     creating link within the head section of the webpage.The link to an external
     style sheet is places within the head section of the page.

Q5   What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets?
Ans: Advantages:- The style of multiple documents can be controlled from one 
                  file.
                  classes can be created for use on multiple HTML element type
                  in many documents.
                  In complex situation,selector and grouping methods can be used
                  to apply styles.
    Disadvantages:-In order to import style information for each document,an extra 
                   download is needed.
                   Until the external style sheet is loaded,it may not be possible to 
                   render the document.
                   For small number of style definition,it is not viable.

Q6   How can image repetition of the backup be controlled?
Ans: To control the repetition of an image in the background,use the background-repeat property.
     you can use no-repeat value for the background-repeat property if you do not want to repeat
     an image,in this case,the image will display only once.

Q7   What is the use of the background-position property?
Ans: The background-position property sets the starting position of a background image.By default,
     a background-image is placed at the top-left corner of an elements,and replaced both vertically 
     and horizontally.

Q8   Which property controls the image scroll in the background?
Ans: Background-attachment property controls the image scroll in the background.

Q9   What are the disadvantages of CSS?
0Ans: CSS result in creating of confusion among web browsers.with CSS,what works with one 
        browser might not always work with another.there exists a scarcity of security. The similar
        change affects on all the browsers.CSS works differently on different browsers.There are
        multiple levels which creates confusion for non-developers and beginners.

Q10  Name a few CSS style components
Ans:  CSS Style Components are:
         Selector:- HTML elements name,id name,class name.
         Property:-It's like an attribute such as background color,font-size,position,text-align,color,
                         border etc.
         values:- Which defines property or values allocate for properties.

Q11  What do you understand by CSS opacity?
Ans:  The opacity CSS property sets the opacity of an elements. opacity is the degree to which 
         content behind an elements is hidden,an is the opposite of transparency.

Q12  Why should background and color be used as separate properties?
Ans:  There are two reasons behind this: It enhances the legibility of style sheets.The background 
         property is a complex property in CSS, and if it is combined with color, the complexity will further 
         increase.

Q13  How to center block elements using CSS1?
Ans:  CSS the way to center anything that's block level element is with the margin property. One of the 
         values of margin is auto and by setting auto on the left and right margin our block level element 
         will center itself.

Q14  What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page?
Ans:  There are Three ways to integrate CSS as a web page:-
         (1)Inline:- You can add inline CSS in a style attribute to style a single HTML elements on the page.
         (2)Embed:- Embed(internal) stylesheet by adding CSS to the head section of HTML doc.
         (3)External:- In External you can link to an external stylesheet that will contain all your CSS separate 
                             from your HTML.    

Q15  What are the media types allowed by CSS?
Ans: Continuous or paged.
        visual,audio,speech,or tactile
        Grid
        interactive or static

Q16  What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3?
Ans: Unlike CSS2,which was comprised of a single document,CSS3 has its specification divided into many
       individual modules,which maks CSS3 a whole lot easier to handle.With CSS3,the designers can now use 
       special fonts,like those available in google fonts and typecast. 

Q17 What is the meaning of the CSS selector?
Ans: A CSS selector is the first part of a CSS rule. it is a pattern of elements and other terms that tell the
       browser which HTML elements should be selected to have the css property values inside the rule 
       applied to them.




















